"
Welcome to SiftFlow version 1.0 Beta

Thanks go to Michael Hansen for his work on the code editing widget, and to Erik Kilk for 
for help integrating SiftFlow with Sift.

Change Log:
    4/18/12 - Open Non Project .fmls
    Users can now open SiftFlow from the command line and open .fmls not associated with a .all.
    When opening sift from the command line use 'sift -e [path/any.fml]'
    If sift is already open use the new command 'edit [path/any.fml]'

    If SiftFlow is opened normally with a .all project, .fmls external to the project will be opened with a @ tag
    and the full path to it, rather than just the .fml name so as to eliminate confusion with project files.

    3/16/12 - Saving
    Users can now save changes in SiftFlow to their repo, provided that Sift has been opened from a repo. 
    The active repo can be viewed next to the project name on the SiftFlow window title. If it says 'None'
    then Sift was not opened in, and does not have any knowledge of, a repo. In this case saving is disabled.

Features:
- Initial release
    In this release SiftFlow contains basic Flow viewing and searching capabilities listed below

- Treeview Navigation
    The user can navigate flows and .fmls using a treeview listing widget on the left
    of the interface. When a flow is selected, it is displayed in the viewer on the right.

- Viewer
    The viewer has tab functionality. Right-clicking a tab will display a menu over it for various
    closing options. The Main tab can never be closed.

    Selecting a flow and right-clicking it in the main viewer alows a 'Open in New Tab' option in the viewers 
    context menu.

    Syntax highlighting, code folding, line numbers. 
    Note about Break points: they are just visual, there is no implentation under this

    Recently opened flows/.fml menu, called Recent, in the File menu.

- Searching
    Most modern searching functions are implemented and can be accessed by clicking the Find/Replace 
    buttons, clicking the menu options at the top of the UI, or using the right click context menu in the viewer. 
    This will open a Find dialog. If a word is selected in the main viewer, it is placed into the find dialog.

    Most of the functionality is self explanatory, but some of the feature highlights are:
        - Search forward and backward via the 'find next' and 'find prev' buttons
        - All Search options are stored so they will persist from session to session, the exception is Reg Exp.
        - A history of the last 15 searchs are stored and displayed in the find and replace combo box.
        - Clicking the Reg Exp checkbox will allow searching with regular expressions, for example,
          typing 'flow.*handler' would match both 'flow_sleep_handler' and 'flow_puppy_handler'
        - Search for references - clicking the references radio button in the Search Mode box then clicking either find 
          button will display every line the find text appears in within the output window under the main viewer. 
          Works for current file and selection searches. If 'find in files button' is clicked, references are displayed 
          for every .fml file.
        - Find in files, clicking 'find in files' button to initiate the search, as opposed to 'find next' or 'find prev'
          will open a new tab for every .fml that contains the find text. Each .fml can then be searched normally.

        Note: Replacing is not yet implemented

    Reference search dialog:
        When a reference search is performed either from the main window or from the find or replace dialog, a new dialog 
        will display the results within a table. The cells of the table can be double clicked to open the appropriate
        flow or .fml in the main viewer. This dialog is also tabbed, with a tab corresponding to a new search. The search 
        text is displayed as the tabs text.

- Editing
    Various editing features such as Undo/Redo, ability to comment/uncomment and indent/unindent selected blocks of text,
    goto feature to jump to any line on the current editor.

Future Releases
version 1.0 +:
    Extra polish and any bug fixes found in beta.

version 1.2:
    Preferences dialog to customize and setup various editor and window options.

If you have feedback or bug reports email tad.eug.harris@hp.com. In particular I am looking for feedback regarding
the Find in Files functionality. If you like it, or prefer another implementation (flextool's way for example) please
let me know.
"
    
